Oh, I knew it would be like this.
People are superstars.
How can I agree to such a request?
Miss White, don't be angry.
I can, I can't be a host.
Save Dao to see off guests
I mean, I can help you save your brother.
What do you mean?
I heard your brother's in gambling debt.
We're under arrest.
But here's the thing.
Bach Xiaowi's younger brother is in gambling debt.
How is that possible?
The entertainment world has no news.
How do you know?
News from a previous life, of course.
It's just that this news hasn't been revealed yet.
Don't care how I know.
The important thing is that I can help you save your brother.
The condition is that you come to my company as a soldier.
Okay.
If you can save my brother.
Whatever you want me to do.
This is the superstar of entertainment.
Promise to do anything now.
Doesn't that mean I can?